and
Victoria
new early grape
ripening 115 to 29
better on god and his and the name of the potap and
flowing do not know how with him operations on
wind the winter of evil cancel
here is 500 700 grams I'm here and 6720
oval visible as help new
quality durable nice of course
disease and frost resistance
elevated
that's what this dining room says
victoria grapes fun 4 down
you venedikt akimat
Before you sort of Victoria I have it
twenty years ago a good grade
the advantage of this grade is it
resistance to mushroom diseases so him
a rose
and table varieties it is perhaps the most
frost resistant
the disadvantage of this sort of course is he
gay and dodges pretty bad
therefore it is necessary to bear in mind here in
time itself bloom if the weather
ear mean rain and cold
it is clear that you need to process and barely
Well, then this problem can be avoided
and one more but although sustainability is very
high to mildew
his idiom but anthracnose ms word
amazed at the truth
the beginning of the growing season is not particularly harmful
brings but it must be kept in mind and
process the same drugs that
applied to anti- belgium treatment
here and so the grade is worth planting the grade
unpretentious you can not even cover
southern and central regions of Ukraine still
the advantage is that you are the middle of August
already see that the vine has ripened it is very
big grade advantage
automaton say by the strength of its growth as
root own or on vaccination was
growth average here on vaccinations I do not know
how does he show himself apparently
the fitting will be bigger i'm bigger water
apart but
for sure will ripen later yes and still need
add
about taste qualities variety with nutmeg
the aroma tastes wonderful therefore it is
also the merits of the variety
Thank you, Vasily Evdokimovich
for a useful and interesting review in
table grape shape victoria
she really deserves attention and
to grow it on the backyard
or summer cottage in the middle part
Ukraine or more northern areas
beautiful tasty and large berries
bunch disease resistance threat
all this dining form does
attractive for both
Winegrowers still on buying customers
I'm new